Aymara study soon you then people who
cold crazy is this one of the river farm of
January, you can not understand us.
combines and rio de janeiro managed
That's horrible that's here today I came
show you
my purchases between the rates that
are the products received by stores
The little things that I like, give it to me.
I went to an event with an event that
had there at the new mall here in
rio de janeiro that some brands
took part in the very cool event I did
a post talking about all the review
leave the link below when
there is a check of everything that
It was really cool, it was cool and more.
This area stores some pampering people
some pleasures starting with this
This scarf here is super beautiful so
colorful leopard is all that my cape
of the nit shop this store that they
delivered to us this cheat sheet that the
Very pretty store that bag and 5 t
beautiful from this little box that laces here
on top of putting our well
beautiful also let that store prose
they had come out of the air like the opash I left
management partnership with them gave super
sure and they are always that this time they
they sent me a short, they judge me look and say
It's very dangerous, but your name is mine.
friend took pity today I asked
I chose the store
I asked look I thought a bigger size
Guys I promise I swear I asked for one.
number and it will stay a bit
the wider a footprint more social and
even for me events and everything else
when he arrived here he stayed
super fair and a little short but I will
use yes, because I really liked it
It's going to be a lighter t-shirt.
everything but it will look good eg
it is full of this size that the
Americans do not have asses right
and I have an ass then he is like that
He has his back pocket and comes with this
The sense is that very cute too.
this dress I'm died instantly
I saw the glitter show like I voted
in him the goalkeeper is not
look he's so the color of tea and he
round underneath
You will see videos like this showing
so you can not see much like
and that's all, but you'll see.
right
it's my body that I'm going to do worse than
How obvious that I make video clips
wearing a little dress that I have
in love, I feel good about how I
I'm so sorry I'm crying now
only the enjoyment but this way the
dolls that way, little girl
thought not if it's boring too old
but I like a store that I think
so not only do I like all the bloggers
who were there at the event and dude
in love with what they gave
they had special affection coming in
in each participating blog has chosen
a little gift that has to do with people
Do you know I thought I wanted to send it all?
had a lot to do with each tub
the girls were on the floor at the time we
I already wanted to open it so I could see what it was
since it was something special chosen from
according to our taste and where it already shone
at the time and comes this little box that with
My name is written on the three cheese
islands and the box is like this.
Who is the biju and when do we open?
Comes Back to Utah Tissue and Shawl
This Watch Baffle Bracelet is not
my face has some green details
with golden rose I love you places
her arm and she gets these
chains here fall super cute middle
they had a very special affection
hence all the bloggers were super
in love with affection he is
in another partner store blog this month
is the ibm the jorjão tallinn every game in
blog
and looks special sent from that box
and super beautiful everything pink everything with a lot
My love, people, it's you, you're partners.
they are sending me lots of hot came
in this one with the letter in pink envelope
with the partnership information and everything else
here in there that sees a rose with
print the logo of mine of mine
My brand is from my blog
They asked what I wanted.
stamped on the search for what they do
custom searches
so you have several model types you
You want blues, it's only you who say that
they are with all make
customization inda look it emanates
theater gives up to go to the gym
because this cloth thing sweat sabino thing
only our worst q understand what I
meant will soon have news that
will have a draw here on the channel and the
admitting the draw in the post year list
You get oil that's going to have a lottery.
the winner of the draw will go
choose the print you want the way you
wants everything right dad and the goal store
digital has sent me this law that two only
that it is not original is replica and
that very good presentation I found
a very good material and I do not know
exactly what is the original difference
for replica because I do not have
original but already has original
I'll see if I can see with the
tati we make a difference one
post talking about the difference of the time
for original here the douro is a
another store that I already told you
I showed you went to the store look I see until
What chaki for you to show you that I
not just shooting the packet and benecy
inside the package came mirror pen
polish to clean play this Friday the
linen to clean joyce dolls
English when falling
the little baby here that I always carry
With me and yes, people are golden, six
grams it that same jewel image
Do you know about the cute little black box ?
only pendant and still consumes in
around sixty-four reais but it's gold
people just go that is a product that
It will last a lot so it 's always
with me on my neck that left me too
the store link here under an event
As soon as we arrived, this was
bag that the candle we received I
I liked the bag quite nec who liked
the shampoo is not this shampoo chai dafne se 10
p 63 samples of this professional's sail
here came this conditioner here that is
foam you push him he is out
Mousse and came and these low or lower
Collor the queen the business as soon as I
I have not tried this bag either
It's over, I really liked it.
Then came the two of ideas I hope
that you have enjoyed all the
I will take advantage of
record another video showing today
the purchases of the month
I did not learn much but to give
share with you what I am buying and
This is a super kiss, everybody, stick with
God and until the next visits and go